# CRUSADERS-Calculator
Crusaders is derived from the initials (C-R-S-D-R) of the founding members , namely, Carlo Cruz, Richmar Agum, Sanly Alagos, Diosdado Buslon, and Rhowella Mantile. Together, they take programming into a different realm where each of them slays every code in fulfilling their motive of pursuing time-efficient calculations. They put their heart and soul trying to develop the thing they called “The Genius Pad”. It is said to be the most powerful innovation created by mankind as it solves mathemetical calculations in just a few clicks. Each one of the great minds behind this has his/her role in successfully creating “The Genius Pad”.  First, the team leader, Diosdado Buslon, will manage the github repository, write some unit tests, and be the one in charge with integrating the calculator logic with the UI. Also, he is very knowledgeable in merging different git branches together. Carlo Cruz  will be in charge of writing the calculator logic.  Aside from that, he can also participate in writing the unit tests to assure that the calculator logic is working well. Next, the person in charge with the visuals, Rhowella Mantile. She will be the one assigned in doing the User Interface. With her advanced knowledge in programming, she knows that python  has a lot of available packages that can be used in developing UI components. It is also her job to determine what library will best suit this application. She can also write some unit tests to assure UI components are behaving as desired. Lastly, Richmar Agum and Sanly Alagos will be in charged with the documentation and will be in charged in writing the majority of the unit tests. They will also cover the video for the entire journey they will take in creating “The Genius Pad”, the pad’s features, and all the challenges that will come in their way. As crusaders, they are brave enough to take this obstacle to reach another milestone in pursuing time-efficient calculations.
